Carto conv docs (#1)
kkavitha/docs-tap: cartographer-conventions/install-conv-service.md

# Install Cartographer Conventions

> Cartographer Conventions is bundled along with the [Supply Chain Choreographer](../scc/about.md) from the 0.4.0 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cartographer Conventions will now be bundled with [Supply Chain Choreographer](../scc/about.md) as from the  v0.4.0 release.
```
